[alert] Remove deprecated props (#47965)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/data/material/migration/upgrade-to-v9/upgrade-to-v9.md

       }}
     />
   )}
```

#### Alert deprecated props removed

> The deprecated `components` and `componentsProps` props have been removed. Use `slots` and `slotProps` instead.

Reviewer: How about this format?

```suggestion
The deprecated `components` and `componentsProps` props have been removed.

Migrate to `slots` and `slotProps` with the codemod below:

```bash
npx codemod …
```

```
